[core][docs] Revise the Container docs (#41074)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/data/system/components/container/container.md

# Container

> <p class="description">The Container component centers your content horizontally. It's the most basic layout element.</p>

Reviewer: To match 1:1 the Material UI page.

```suggestion
<p class="description">The Container component centers primary layout elements with a fluid or fixed width.</p>
```

---

Overtime, we can kill the Material UI page, I belive forcing people to MUI System would be best (forcing them to separate in their mind Material UI and MUI System), like they would between Tailwind CSS and Shadcn UI.
